This novel was generated on 2014-11-29 22:23:00 -0500 with Wuthering Tweets, by wsara
Written for NaNoGenMo 2014. https://github.com/wsara/NaNoGenMo

Upon entering the place I found a number of young seamen gathered about
a table, examining by a dim light divers specimens of SKRIMSHANDER. I
sought the landlord, and telling him I desired to be accommodated with a
room, received for answer that his house was full--not a bed unoccupied.
"Assassin's Creed Rogue review: Avast ye, clone! ★★★ http://t.co/uHbxVRrbY9 | http://t.co/aqnzWsItBI" he added, tapping his forehead, "the highlight of the whole day was the talk dirty to me video no objections  

#1YearOf1DDAY
#MTVStars One Direction http://t.co/OADzNOGtrW"

I told him that I never liked to sleep two in a bed; that if I should
ever do so, it would depend upon who the harpooneer might be, and
that if he (the landlord) really had no other place for me, and the
harpooneer was not decidedly objectionable, why rather than wander
further about a strange town on so bitter a night, I would put up with
the half of any decent man's blanket.

"stare directly into the sun For Free #blackfridaydeals"

I sat down on an old wooden settle, carved all over like a bench on the
Battery. At one end a ruminating tar was still further adorning it with
his jack-knife, stooping over and diligently working away at the space
between his legs. He was trying his hand at a ship under full sail, but
he didn't make much headway, I thought.

At last some four or five of us were summoned to our meal in an
adjoining room. It was cold as Iceland--no fire at all--the landlord
said he couldn't afford it. Nothing but two dismal tallow candles, each
in a winding sheet. We were fain to button up our monkey jackets, and
hold to our lips cups of scalding tea with our half frozen fingers. But
the fare was of the most substantial kind--not only meat and potatoes,
but dumplings; good heavens! dumplings for supper! One young fellow in
a green box coat, addressed himself to these dumplings in a most direful
manner.

""I came upon this boy who had tears in his eyes and I knew this was the place to be" http://t.co/0yZ5P2UblZ #Ferguson http://t.co/nQH3TJ3tTX" said the landlord, "Every students worst nightmare https://t.co/aQK3v7GH06"

"NEW → Landlord Tory MP 'talks out' bill to protect vulnerable tenants with hour-long speech http://t.co/hYFDFz6gGM http://t.co/JtG4TBJZRz" I whispered, "The guys have got an exclusive message for you about that #OnTheRoadAgain1D announcement … http://t.co/ij5N4PUtSJ"

"Have u ever started talking and midway through the convo u realize no one is listening so u just slowly let the sentence die out on it's own" said he, looking a sort of diabolically funny, "From skewers to dumplings to sausages - what's a #streetfood or #streetsnack that's a must-try in your country? http://t.co/ulq4Mxqlfg"

"New vine is up!!! FOLLOWING A TON of people that like &amp; revine it! Just comment your twitter usernames when you're done so I'll know!!!"
